So what if you had a whole store?
I have idioms
Give me a unique dress
Who are you scolding for this guy?
You'd better keep your promise.
Tell the idiom the whereabouts of buckwheat
Or I'll charge you with fraud
The people sent out last time didn't succeed.
This time, we must solve the buckwheat problem.
Get rid of this woman by the way
It's an eyesore.
Do you really want Lu Chengyu to meet Buckwheat?
Of course I hope so.
Don't provoke our relationship
Miss Lu Zongxiao
Make way
My one-of-a-kind dress
I'm sorry, Miss Xiao
We can't sell this dress.
Why did I just ask our boss?
Our boss said
This dress is for a distinguished guest
So you can't buy it.
Are you making up some lie?
I know your boss.
The industry's top fashionistas reveal the secrets
Ordinary people disdain to deal with
What kind of distinguished guest can have such a big face?
I already said this dress is for me
You are still dreaming here in broad daylight